
                 :: Epic MegaGames Rules for Beta Testers ::
 
 
To:    All Beta Testers
From:  Andrew Lehrfeld, [SYSOP] Beta Testers Section
Date:  February 14, 1994
 
 
Epic MegaGames is a leading producer of quality computer games and software,
and as such, expects that beta testers will conduct themselves in a
professional manner consistent with the following rules and guidelines.
 
1. You have been granted access to a closed section and a closed library in
the EPIC Forum.  Section 16 and Library 16 are for Epic Beta Testers ONLY.
Access to these areas will be revoked if you violate the Epic Non-Disclosure
Agreement which you signed.  If you did not sign a Non-Disclosure Agreement,
please leave a message to SYSOP immediately.
 
2. As a member of the Epic beta test team, you are expected to participate
actively in this Section.  During periods when there is only one game in
testing, you may find that visiting this Section two or three times a week
is sufficient, however during busier periods, you may want to visit once a
day.  You should become familiar with off-line readers, such as TAPCIS,
which allow you to download all of the messages in this section, then read
and respond to them while off-line.  This will allow you to read and reply
to messages without CompuServe connect charges.
 
3. When a new file is posted in Library 16 for testing, I will announce it
in the message section.  Download every game and play-test it thoroughly.
(If you don't know how to unzip a compressed file, read HOW2UNZP.TXT in
Library 16.)  Post your messages, containing bug reports and your comments
and suggestions, to ALL so that everyone in the Section can read and benefit
from them.  (When we have multiple games in testing at the same time, I may
ask you to post your messages to the game's programmer, instead.)
 
4. You are encouraged to contribute your thoughts to every message you see
here, including bugs reported by others on the team.  This Section is our
"home base" for corresponding and communicating with one another.  You are
expected to contribute freely.  This is the place -- AND THE ONLY PLACE --
to discuss your beta testing activities for Epic.  BE CAREFUL to post your
messages only in the closed section, Section 16.
 
5. Please do not show the games you are testing to persons who are not on
the beta test team.  I know it can be exciting to share a new game with a
friend, but we want to minimize the possibility that information about our
games in progress will spread to other software development companies.  Epic
will make available screen shots of upcoming games, and these can be used
for promotion or sharing with a friend.
 
6. Games posted in the Library for beta testing will be password-protected;
that is, you will need to enter a password in order to play the game.  In
some instances, Epic may encode your password into the game in such a way as
to render the game useless, or identify the offender, should an Epic game be
illegally distributed by anyone here.  DO NOT ALLOW BETA TEST GAMES TO FALL
INTO ANYONE ELSE'S HANDS.  If an Epic beta test file is found to have been
uploaded onto a BBS, or otherwise distributed, the offender whose password
was used to unlock the game will have his/her rights here revoked.  Epic
MegaGames may also choose to pursue other action.
 
7. Beta test team members who actively participate here will receive a free,
registered copy of the game once it is completed.
 
 
 
(This file will be modified/added to as needed.)
 
 
 

